<<<<<<< Updated upstream
1279683887
AddCompanyIdToQuotation	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100720055026_add_company_id_to_quotation.rb	class AddCompanyIdToQuotation 
AddTipeToAssembly	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100720083947_add_tipe_to_assembly.rb	class AddTipeToAssembly 
AssembliesController	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	class AssembliesController 
Assembly	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/models/assembly.rb	class Assembly 
Quotation	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/models/quotation.rb	class Quotation 
QuotationEntry	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/models/quotation_entry.rb	class QuotationEntry 
QuotationsController	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	class Sales::QuotationsController 
RemoveTypeFromAssembly	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100720082748_remove_type_from_assembly.rb	class RemoveTypeFromAssembly 
assign_tab	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	  def assign_tab
assign_tab	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def assign_tab
create	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100720055026_add_company_id_to_quotation.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100720082748_remove_type_from_assembly.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100720083947_add_tipe_to_assembly.rb	  def self.down
edit	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	 def edit
edit	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def index
item_name	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/models/quotation_entry.rb	  def item_name
item_name	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/models/quotation_entry.rb	  def item_name
new	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def new
prepare_autocomplete	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	  def prepare_autocomplete
show	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	   def show
show	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def show
suggested_number	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/models/assembly.rb	 def self.suggested_number
suggested_number	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/models/quotation.rb	  def self.suggested_number
tgl_active	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/models/quotation.rb	  def tgl_active
up	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100720055026_add_company_id_to_quotation.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100720082748_remove_type_from_assembly.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100720083947_add_tipe_to_assembly.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/rahmat/git-repos/master/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def update
=======
1279781713
ActionView	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/config/environment.rb	module ActionView
AddTipeToAssembly	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100720083947_add_tipe_to_assembly.rb	class AddTipeToAssembly 
AssembliesController	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	class AssembliesController 
AssembliesControllerTest	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/test/functional/assemblies_controller_test.rb	class AssembliesControllerTest 
AssembliesHelper	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/helpers/assemblies_helper.rb	module AssembliesHelper
AssembliesHelperTest	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/test/unit/helpers/assemblies_helper_test.rb	class AssembliesHelperTest 
Assembly	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/assembly.rb	class Assembly 
AssemblyEntry	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/assembly_entry.rb	class AssemblyEntry 
AssemblyEntryTest	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/test/unit/assembly_entry_test.rb	class AssemblyEntryTest 
AssemblyTest	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/test/unit/assembly_test.rb	class AssemblyTest 
Company	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/company.rb	class Company 
CreateAssemblies	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100716022953_create_assemblies.rb	class CreateAssemblies 
CreateAssemblyEntries	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100716023555_create_assembly_entries.rb	class CreateAssemblyEntries 
CreateQuotationEntries	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100716025527_create_quotation_entries.rb	class CreateQuotationEntries 
CreateQuotations	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100716024657_create_quotations.rb	class CreateQuotations 
CustomersController	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	class CustomersController 
FormOptionsHelper	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/config/environment.rb	    module FormOptionsHelper
Helpers	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/config/environment.rb	  module Helpers
ItemsController	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/items_controller.rb	class ItemsController 
MaterialRequest	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/material_request.rb	class MaterialRequest 
MaterialRequestEntry	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/material_request_entry.rb	class MaterialRequestEntry 
MaterialRequestsController	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/purchasing/material_requests_controller.rb	class Purchasing::MaterialRequestsController 
Quotation	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/quotation.rb	class Quotation 
QuotationEntriesControllerTest	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/test/functional/quotation_entries_controller_test.rb	class QuotationEntriesControllerTest 
QuotationEntriesHelper	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/helpers/quotation_entries_helper.rb	module QuotationEntriesHelper
QuotationEntriesHelperTest	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/test/unit/helpers/quotation_entries_helper_test.rb	class QuotationEntriesHelperTest 
QuotationEntry	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/quotation_entry.rb	class QuotationEntry 
QuotationEntryTest	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/test/unit/quotation_entry_test.rb	class QuotationEntryTest 
QuotationTest	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/test/unit/quotation_test.rb	class QuotationTest 
QuotationsController	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	class Sales::QuotationsController 
QuotationsControllerTest	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/test/functional/quotations_controller_test.rb	class QuotationsControllerTest 
QuotationsHelper	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/helpers/quotations_helper.rb	module QuotationsHelper
QuotationsHelperTest	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/test/unit/helpers/quotations_helper_test.rb	class QuotationsHelperTest 
RAILS_GEM_VERSION	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/config/environment.rb	RAILS_GEM_VERSION =
RemoveTypeFromAssembly	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100720082748_remove_type_from_assembly.rb	class RemoveTypeFromAssembly 
TRANS_PREFIX	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/config/initializers/constants.rb	TRANS_PREFIX =
activate	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/items_controller.rb	  def activate
assign_tab	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	  def assign_tab
assign_tab	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/purchasing/material_requests_controller.rb	  def assign_tab
assign_tab	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def assign_tab
before_save	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/quotation.rb	  def before_save
categories_list	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/items_controller.rb	  def categories_list
create	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/items_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/purchasing/material_requests_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def create
deactivate	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/items_controller.rb	  def deactivate
default_warehouse	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/company.rb	  def default_warehouse
destroy	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/items_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/purchasing/material_requests_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100716022953_create_assemblies.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100716023555_create_assembly_entries.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100716024657_create_quotations.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100716025527_create_quotation_entries.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100720082748_remove_type_from_assembly.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100720083947_add_tipe_to_assembly.rb	  def self.down
edit	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	 def edit
edit	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/items_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/purchasing/material_requests_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def edit
first_transaction_date	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/company.rb	  def first_transaction_date
index	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/items_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/purchasing/material_requests_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def index
item_movement_report	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/company.rb	  def item_movement_report
item_name	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/assembly_entry.rb	  def item_name
item_name	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/assembly_entry.rb	  def item_name
item_name	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/material_request_entry.rb	  def item_name
item_name	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/material_request_entry.rb	  def item_name
item_name	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/quotation_entry.rb	  def item_name
item_name	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/quotation_entry.rb	  def item_name
leaf_categories	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/company.rb	  def leaf_categories
lookup	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/items_controller.rb	  def lookup
new	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/items_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/purchasing/material_requests_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def new
next_stock	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/company.rb	  def next_stock
options_for_select	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/config/environment.rb	      def options_for_select
picker	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def picker
picker	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/items_controller.rb	  def picker
prepare_autocomplete	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	  def prepare_autocomplete
search	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	    def search
search	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/items_controller.rb	  def search
set_tab	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def set_tab
set_tab	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/items_controller.rb	  def set_tab
show	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	   def show
show	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/items_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/purchasing/material_requests_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def show
sorted_categories	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/company.rb	  def sorted_categories
stock	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/company.rb	  def stock
suggested_number	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/assembly.rb	 def self.suggested_number
suggested_number	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/material_request.rb	  def self.suggested_number
suggested_number	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/quotation.rb	  def self.suggested_number
tgl_active	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/models/quotation.rb	  def tgl_active
up	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100716022953_create_assemblies.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100716023555_create_assembly_entries.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100716024657_create_quotations.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100716025527_create_quotation_entries.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100720082748_remove_type_from_assembly.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/db/migrate/20100720083947_add_tipe_to_assembly.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/assemblies_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/items_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/purchasing/material_requests_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/ones006/ROR/inventory_first/inventory_v2/app/controllers/sales/quotations_controller.rb	  def update
>>>>>>> Stashed changes
